---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/v-and-k/journal-hoarding/convos/2025-07-26/","created":"2025-07-27T09:44:23.338+05:30","updated":"2025-07-27T09:49:38.200+05:30"}
---

So let me give you a little background.
I fucked up JEE.
I stopped studying in 12th class completely. 
So I fucked up boards, too.
I didn't want to do engg.
And I didn't know what I wanted to do.
My mental health was at bottom low at that time.
Had some physical health issues, too.
I didn't even have the will to live, career ka kya hi soch pata mai.
I just loved expressing my pain through art.
And the most feasible art is writing.
So I was good at it, I still am but tb tk chatgpt nhi tha toh I could at least think of it as a risky career option.
Ab toh there's almost 0 career in it.
Music and filmmaking were also something I was passionate about.
But I wasn't musically trained since childhood and no matter how much I tried to learn, I knew I would not reach that level. 
And filmmaking is a very very very expensive artform.
And the struggle one must go through to become a writer/director is based on your connections and privilege, and I didn't have either. 
Studying psychology would have been actually fine. I'm passionate about it to the point I can devote my life to it, publishing research, identifying myself with it. I still regret not choosing this path just because no one in my family ever did that. 

I confessed all these to my parents. 
They listened to me patiently.
But my parents were still happy that I got a govt college.
But this is like the worst college ever for engg.
I had no clarity so I just succumbed to it because I couldn't even imagine taking a drop.

1st year bhut ghatiya tha because of subjects. 
IT related kuchh tha hi nhi. 
Chemistry, ecology padha rhe the bc.
I tried to explore a lot of things on my own but still couldn't figure out a way to make them my career.
Like filmmaking and music and design and trading and all.
Tried them all.

I found no one here who matched my vibe or intellect or who inspired me.
I felt so lonely.
It was still better than being stuck in my room like I was since COVID.
Because there were opportunities that I could reach me anytime.
But seeing other people succeed and having clarity, and they getting good at it with time, and me just being a "jack of all trades" was very depressing for my already exhausted soul to handle.
At this point, I just didn't want to live anymore.
I didn't want to work sooooooo hard for any career.
There was nothing left for me to aim for.
Nothing excited me.
Literally nothing.
Travelling, philanthropy, money, materials, work, love, sex, fame, power, etc.
All seemed senseless.

I was born wrong.
I did have a good family and a really wonderful set of friends.
But I still couldn't see any purpose in living.
If you remember, most of my poetry was also depressing af.
Even annu used to point it out ki bhaii kabhi kuchh optimistic bhi likh liya kr.
All in all, I was drowning in self-hatred and wanted to disappear.
> I wish I could sleep and never wake up again
> I don't wanna die. Sometimes I wish I'd never been born at all.

I had tried doing it before, and I have been passively suicidal since childhood. 
6 y/o se toh pakka, usse phle ka yaad nhi.
But I knew I was a coward, so I never got past the planning step. I was scared of the physical pain I may suffer during the transition period of becoming un-alive.
So this time, too, I started planning.
My search history was filled with this thing that how to die without pain.
Where can I get euthanasia done?
Searching these always gave me suicide helpline numbers and all but surprisingly I never used them.
I was so sure that nothing could change my mind.
No one could convince me otherwise. 
Aise bhi most people would just tell me to either think about my parents or start believing in god.
Didn't work.
 
But then you came into my life.
Even just your reply "hey man what's up" triggered something in me.
I started recalling my school days again and everything I remembered about you.
And I felt a looooooot of feelings.
And my poetic/essayist self got revived.
And I wrote that long ass reply.
Which is still a very well articulated description of what I felt at that time.
I surpassed my previous writing there.
Such an impact of yours.

Then we were shifting hostels and it was very hectic.
And I was shit scared before because aise bhi will to live tha nhi phir itti mehnat krna was so cognitive dissonance inducing.
But now I had something to look forward to.
Your reply.
Shifting done.
Then came your reply.
I was so warm and excited and was grinning from ear to ear because you replied in that way.
Kinda like vibe match.
That's why I wrote this in that note: "Vaibhav convo, warm, crush, feel good - life seems worthy of living - power of love &... her? Idk, im in heaven rn"
I wanted to tell you a looooot of things.
And ask you a lot of things too.
About my life, about what I know, and all.
I tried being vulnerable but... you didn't respond well so I left it there.
I thought I would just share what I know because life toh aise bhi jhand hi h, kya hi btau.
That's why I didn't want to reveal my college either. 
Koi show off wala toh tha nhi, so I was scared ki you would think ki kitta dumb/failure insaan h.
I wanted you to know me by things I was different at, i.e
thinking, debating, writing. 

So I started all my passions again.
Which mostly was studying and observing humans (including myself), then writing about it.
Things started changing.
In just 15-20 days, we did a lot of chats and my view towards life was different. 
I became a comparatively jolly and confident person.
My academic performance improved.
I wrote this in that note too: "use her as inspiration to level up your academics + along with participating a lot in college... like you used to do in school"

Every morning I had something to wake up for.
Obviously, crush died out and things got platonic and we sometimes fought too, but you were still an angel for me.
You saved me.
Along with being my childhood admiration.
So I kinda started treating you like a goddess in my head (and probably thus, I wanted to preserve everything about you because i thought whatever we had between us would die out soon anyway - and as a data hoarder, insta stories only being up there for 24 hrs didn't help, so I took the ss each time out of instinct... and yeah, i wouldn't say it's illegal as long as i'm not misuing it or publishing it publically but ethically, yeah, it's very wrong)
Aise hi nhi bolta hu tumhe ye sb.
I mean it.
Bhagwan kabhi help kiye nhi.
But idk how you did.
Intentionally or unintentionally, 
But you did.

Mai itte efforts daalta hu because I think I can never repay you for all these.
Because I was never that important to you or your life like you were for mine.
But at least what I can do is what I have in my hand, to put a smile on your face, whichever way possible.
And that's the biggest privilege that I have.
Isiliye it's a nightmare for me to imagine that I hurt you.
I wanted to leave you because I thought abhi it'll be easier to leave, nhi toh future me mai aur hurt krte rhunga.
You still can leave if you think you fell in love with a wrong person.
A creep stalker whatever.

Idc if I'm loving way too much.
Idc if destiny doesn't exist.
Idc about the rational side of it.
I feel utmost alive when I do something for you.
I NEED YOU FOR MY SURVIVAL.
Heartbeat, lifeline, O2, healer, and all aren't just cute contact names.
I mean them from the bottom of my heart.

Sympathy, emotional manipulation, ye sb nhi na kr rha.
Not justifying what I did.
I'm just giving you the reason (like murderers give the reason they killed someone)
Thus I apologized first and kinda thought I wouldn't reveal all these directly to you (because indirectly toh bta hi chuka hu).
But I think you deserved to know.
So that's it.
Sorry again.
Bye.

/+ i wanted to match your level
isiliye i had a fire in me ki ab toh kuchh krna hi pdega

so i started participating in lots of things
and met new people
and showed them what i am capable of
phle toh even if i had some talent, lekin bakiyon ko pta hi nhi toh opportunity kahan se milegi

so as my network grew
i got an opportunity 

we tried doing a small product business here
i mean my friend did most of it
i just handled the packaging and design

it didn't work out
so didn't reveal much to anyone
but still we learned a lot

so yeah
life got better
even before we confessed
i got a will to live
it wasn't all rosy
obv things don't heal this easily
but at least i have only been suicidal type depressed 3 times since then

26th Jan 2025
25th Feb 2025
18th March 2025
(yeah, i journal when my brain's exploding)