---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/v-and-k/creations/erotica/the-first-night-of-us/3-penetration/","created":"2025-07-25T18:36:11.743+05:30","updated":"2025-07-25T18:40:37.231+05:30"}
---

I slid one of my hand under her belly and lifted her back a bit.
Her ass touched my penis.
I didn't want to enter right away.
I paused, brushing my tip against her entrance, watching her face twist in beautiful frustration.
“Please…” she whispered desperately.
I thought she was requesting me to enter her.
But she completed her words, "...put on the thing you have in your bag."
She knew I had it?
I mean I told her a long ago that I would keep condoms in my first aid for... umm... emergencies.
She remembers it all.

I backed off, and pulled my bag from the chair near bed.
Opened 2 chains, then the first aid box, then had to go deep inside it to find that small black polythene in which strawberry and chocolate flavored condoms were hidden. Not that the flavor mattered, we already had our oral session.

I took my time adjusting it on my thing. Making sure it isn't too tight so my sensations get lost, but also isn't too loose to get pulled off during deep thrusts. I carried on my meticulous "dressing my dick" session while she got on her back, and was preparing her legs to wrap around me.

As soon as I finished the session she pulled me towards her aggressively and kissed me, almost biting my lips. I was on top of her again. I adjusted the position. And I rubbed against her some more. Frustrated, she wrapped her leg around me, and tried pulling me in. Welcoming me? Or kidnapping me? Either way, I was loving it. I was loving that she was taking the charge. We both knew that moment is here.

The room had grown silent.  
Like even the air was holding its breath for us.

Then I looked into her eyes, not just to ask for a final permission, but to promise that I would carry her in every thrust, every breath, every moan. 

And then, slowly, I entered her.  
Just the tip.  
Her eyes fluttered. Her breath stopped.  
I kissed her lips and pushed in deeper.

She gasped, softly.  
So soft it broke me.

“Are you okay?” I asked, already half-undone.

She nodded, clenching her arms around me.  
“I want to you to feel my inside thoroughly, we fit in like a glove,” she whispered.

So I moved.  
Gently.  
Rhythmically.  

Her inside was so warm and cozy.
Her walls pulled me in like her body was memorizing mine.  
Every time I withdrew, her hips chased me.  
Every time I plunged, her breath broke open.

She wrapped her arms around my neck, and whispered things I don’t even remember because her breath in my ear was the only language I needed. I was not a rational human anymore. I was just her devotee.

The position shifted.  
She sat on my lap now, facing me, her hair fell around her flushed face.

My hands held her waist, and guided it to move. She soon took charge and started moving her hips on her own. Each bounce of her on me was sending me one cloud above cloud nine, cumulatively. 

I buried my face in her breast, then kissed her neck and her parted lips that was letting out soft moans, repeatedly. Both literally and figuratively, I was drowning in her.

We switched again this time. She put her legs over my shoulders. I locked my hands with hers and moved it beside her head. I caught the rhythm again. But this time I savored every bit of it because I knew I was close. I didn't have the pressure to do more. I could submit myself to her now. I was moaning softly, and letting my heavy breath fall on her neck.

She also started to tremble.  
I was very very close.
The love.  
The trust.
The safety.
The feeling of finally being desired this way.
All these flashed in my head before finishing.

Her body began to tighten.  
I kissed her forehead.  
“I’ve got you.”

We both probably came at the same time.
Her back arched, lips parted, eyes rolled back.  
And I followed. My body tensed. Hips squeezed.
Oh, I came so much. 
I undressed my dick carefully, ensuring no spill, and threw it in the dustbin kept beside our bed.

She just lay there with her eyes closed, trying to comprehend and digest what just happened in last half an hour. I needed time for this too. 
So I lay beside her. 
We didn’t speak.
We just breathed.  
Heavily. Softly.  
Entwined.

I kissed her temple.  
Then her nose.  
Then her eyes.
She smiled.
I put the blanket on us and dissolved her in my arms.
Then I softly whispered,  
"We are each other's heaven.”
She whispered back, looking straight in my eyes, speaking directly to my soul,
"Kartik, I love you bhoooot zyadaaaaa, I want to stay like this forever, with you."
We kissed again.
And wished each other goodnight and sweet dreams.

And we fell asleep, not as two people who just had sex and was tired,
but as two souls who made love so tenderly, even the night didn’t dare interrupt.


---

*previous:*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/2. Pleasure\|2. Pleasure]]

*next:*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/4. Postlude\|4. Postlude]]