---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/v-and-k/creations/erotica/the-first-night-of-us/4-postlude/","created":"2025-07-25T18:34:36.232+05:30","updated":"2025-07-26T10:54:55.921+05:30"}
---

The sun didn't do its face reveal yet.  
But the world felt warmer somehow.

I blinked awake to the softest sensation,
her breath on my chest.

She was tucked under my arm,  
hair messy, lips slightly parted,  
one leg hooked over mine like her body never wanted to let go.

I didn’t move.  
Didn’t dare.

Her bare skin against mine felt like a secret too holy to disturb.  
Like we were still dreaming
together,  
entwined in the haze of a night we’ll never stop returning to.

She stirred slightly.  
Rubbed her nose against my chest.

“Good morning,” she mumbled sleepily, yet so sweetly.

“Good? This is the best morning of my life," I whispered in her ears and then bombed her with morning kisses. She reciprocated, and gave me my dose too. Each of my cell was drowning in ecstasy. 

"Did you have sweet dreams?" she asked, still sleepy.
"This all felt just like a dream. And even if it is, I don't wanna wake up. This is the sweetest dream possible," I replied looking straight into her pretty eyes. Her face was so cute and serene.

I kissed her dried lips. Our breathe weren't fresh. But it didn't need to. We were so into each other, everything smelled erotic to us. We needed no perfection, the rawer the better. 

Then my hands found her back.  
Slow strokes.  
Tracing the curve of her spine like I’d promised.  
One lazy fingertip at a time.

“I want to wake up like this for the rest of my life,” I said.  
She didn’t reply.  
But her body pulled in closer.

And then…

She bit my chest.  
A too hard.

“Ouch-”  
“What?” she asked, wide-eyed and completely not sorry.  
"Love is painful, damn!"
"Yup. Endure it. This is a mark of ownership. That you are mine. Only mine. Forever."

I am.
I really am.

She then freed herself from my arms and stood up.
And said we should take a bath.
I thought, like last night, she would go first so I just kept lying on the bed.
But she told me to hurry and carry her to the bathroom with me.
Because she said her thighs were “on strike.”

She was so light, I didn't even need to use my complete strength.
We were in bathroom. Already naked.
Warm water.  
Her sitting on the sink counter.  
Me gently brushing her hair,  
then pressing kisses to her damp shoulder.
We rubbed and cleaned each other's bodies in the shower.
It was so intimate.
We also somehow realized that water is actually not that "wet".

Back in bed, we lay facing each other.  
Her fingers on my cheek, mine on her waist.  
The world was still sleeping,  
but our hearts were louder than any alarm.

“Last night,” I said, softly,  
“I came home.”

And held her tighter.

“You,” I added,  
“are my heaven."

We didn’t have sex again that morning.

We did make love though
in whispers, kisses, touches,  
in the way she fed me a spoon and said “tu kitta cutuuu baby, shi me mumma bn jau kya teri?”  
in the way I put her on my legs, then moved her in up and down motion singing "gugua manna",  
in the way our souls looked at each other  
and said:

"We found us. Our home. Years of search has finally been over. We can finally rest. Destiny is jealous of us. Let them be. No one's like us anyway."

Later, I helped her dress.  
Carefully. Slowly.  
Buttoning her shirt.  
Untangling her hair with my fingers.  
Kissing her knuckles one by one.  
I got dressed too.  
Checked my bag for the tenth time if anything was left to pack, curbing my OCD.

Now, we had to part our ways.

“Kartik, sunn na, I don’t want to go,” she said with a face that I never wanted to be on her.
It broke my heart.
And I could feel it too. 
Goodbyes like these are the toughest.

“You’re not,” I said, to comfort her.  
“We’re just pausing.”

She nodded, eyes glistening with the trust she had on my words.

We hugged.  
Tightly.  
There was an uncomfortable silence.  
My eyes got teary, so I extended the hug.  
I didn’t want her to see my crying face.

“I love you,” I said, softly, holding back my tears.

She breathed hard. I almost heard her sobbing.

“You finally said it, huh?” she replied, trying to laugh through her ache.  
“ilyssssssmmmmmmmmmm,” she added.  
And pulled me in for a final, quiet, wet kiss.
Our lips knew they weren't meeting each other again for a long.
And we knew too.
A tear rolled down my cheek.  
She noticed it.  
She wiped it gently with her fingers, her thumb trembling.

And then I saw her face,  
bawling,  
trying her best to suppress the noise,  
to stay strong for me.

I felt a thump in my chest so hard.  
I felt helpless.
I didn’t know what to do.
I… made her cry?
How to comfort her?
What to say to stop the tears?

But maybe… they weren’t meant to be stopped.  
Maybe these tears were not tragic
but proof of something worth surviving and being happiest for.

I cupped her face and whispered:

“Vaibhu? Look at me.  
This is a test.  
Of our never-ending love, our treaty, and of the future we want.  
We are crying right now so that one day,  
we never have to again.”

Her lips quivered.

“I’ll wait for that day,” she said.

“No,” I replied,  
“We'll earn that day."

She smiled through her tears.

That morning, we didn’t need a final round before the indefinite period of abstinence.  
We didn’t need more touching or moaning or undressing or climax.

We just needed a promise:

That no matter how long the distance,  
how many days we can’t meet,  
how much we ache…

We had this.
This night.  
This memory.  
This morning.  
This sweaty, smelly, sleepy, stupid, studious, soulmate sort of love.

And for its sacredness,  
we were ready to sacrifice everything.  
Work our asses off.  
Suffer through loneliness.  
Say “no” to indulgence, and embracing a bit of detachment, even when it hurt.  
Until one day…

> We don’t just get to make love.  
> We get to make a life with each other.
> The "us" even the universe is rooting for.

I looked at her one last time.

Tears dried.  
Spines straightened.  
The ache still there,
but now, with purpose.

Because I can’t make her cry again, can I?

Not unless they’re tears of joy.

---

*music ref:*

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6JGi2LlBaFmAN0sxWn5YTL?utm_source=generator&theme=0" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>


*previous:*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/3. Penetration\|3. Penetration]]

*next:*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/5. Promise (bonus)\|5. Promise (bonus)]]

*next (loop):*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/1. Prelude\|1. Prelude]]