---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/v-and-k/creations/erotica/the-first-night-of-us/5-promise-bonus/","created":"2025-07-25T18:35:48.339+05:30","updated":"2025-07-25T18:40:52.238+05:30"}
---

We may not get everything.  
Life is what happens to us when we are busy making other plans.

But we promised we’ll try, not just for ourselves, but for _us_.

In the next seven years, she’ll bury herself in books thicker than bricks, with dreams carved into every page.
And I’ll be in the chaos of business, deadlines, edits, mic checks and script rewrites
trying to turn education into emotion,  
knowledge into art,  
logic into stories that people carry in their hearts.

We’ll be tired.  
Some days, I’ll barely catch a breath.  
She’ll question everything at 3 am.  
We’ll have nights when we don’t talk,  
mornings when we feel far.  
But in between all that static, there’ll be us.

A message.  
A voice note.  
A video call with just sleepy faces on screen.  
A reminder: “We’re okay. We’re trying.”

We’ll visit new cities, alone.  
We’ll watch the same sunsets from different places.  
We’ll share nerdy links.  
We'll fight somedays.
And cry, a little. 
But love, and laugh a lot.

Because love isn't always in being together.  
It's in holding the same vision,  
chasing the same sunrise,  
failing, falling, fighting, frustrated
but never letting go.

We’ll build a life that fits us.
Even if we stay in different cities after marriage.  
Even if our homes have separate pin codes but one heartbeat.
Because it’s _us_.  
And "us" is enough.

> Na Hoke Bhi Kareeb Tu
> Hamesha Paas Tha
> Ke Sau Janam Bhi Dekhta
> Main Tera Raasta

Maybe we won’t achieve all we dream of.  
And it's fine.
That won't change what we have between us.

And every once in a while,  
on a lazy evening,  
under messy sheets or starlit skies,  
we’ll remember this morning,  
this beginning.

And we’ll whisper,  
_We did it._  
Even if not everything.  
We still did _us_.

---

*music ref:*

<iframe data-testid="embed-iframe" style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/6nqcnz9l2e9HBFS7j3E5Z7?utm_source=generator&theme=0" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>


*previous:*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/4. Postlude\|4. Postlude]]

*next (loop):*
[[V&K/Creations/Erotica/The First Night Of Us/1. Prelude\|1. Prelude]]